d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Web.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Web.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\obj\Debug\Web.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\obj\Debug\Web.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Model.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Model.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Spring.Core.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\IService.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Domain.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\IService.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Domain.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\DAO.Hibernate.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\IDAO.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Service.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\NHibernate.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Spring.Data.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Spring.Aop.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\DAO.Hibernate.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\IDAO.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Service.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\log4net.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\ISegregate.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Spring.Data.NHibernate32.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Spring.Web.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Spring.Web.Mvc3.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\ISegregate.pdb
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Common.Logging.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Segregate.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Segregate.pdb
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\IIneraction.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Interaction.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\IIneraction.pdb
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Web\bin\Interaction.pdb
