d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\Test.NUnit.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\Test.NUnit.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\obj\Debug\Test.NUnit.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\obj\Debug\Test.NUnit.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\Test.NUnit.dll.config
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\IDAO.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\IDAO.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\DAO.Hibernate.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\DAO.Hibernate.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\IService.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\IService.pdb
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\Service.dll
d:\backup\我的文档\visual studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\Service.pdb
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\Spring.Data.NHibernate32.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\IIneraction.dll
D:\Backup\我的文档\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\EnterpriseArchitecture\Test.NUnit\bin\Debug\IIneraction.pdb
